If you are still interested, I thought that I should inform you of a
few things.

Although I have not updated the distributed code in almost a year, I do
have
some more code, such as FAT32 support, and a few improvements (I
think).
I can supply the latest versions (I have more than one incarnation of
disk I/O
code) if you would like. I have been meaning to update them anyway.

I am very familiar with the GPL and I will tell you straight out that I
will not
use the GPL for this code. I do, however, agree whole heartedly with
the   
spirit of the GPL and with Free Software in general. In fact, I tend to
think
that I want my code to be _more free_ than GNU code. (I can elaborate
if
you happen to be interested in that concept.) If my license does not
pass
the Open Source test it will be due to vagueness not intent.

I am a professional programmer working at Communica, Inc.
(www.communica.com -- an extremely boring and useless website!). I am
best suited for embedded programming. I know next to nothing about
Windows GUI programming (and I despise MFC with reason).

I wrote DISKLIB _for myself_ and nothing else. That it may be useful to
others is solely why I allow it to be distributed. That FreeDOS people
are
not only aware of but are interested in it is, well, cool. I hope. I
will be
silently glad if FreeDOS finds it useful as well.

If I had just one thing to say to FreeDOS it would be: Take it and run!


>Hi,   
>
>I hope that i am still in the right place. A few weeks ago someone
pointed
>me out to a very good disk management library by Gregg Jennings.
>
>Since we at the FreeDOS project are very interested in this library we
>were wondering if you could grant us the right license for the library
so
>that we could use it for our projects.
>
>For the license i would suggest GNU GPL (see http://www.GNU.org for
>details).
>
>Imre   
              